README.md, before:

# Junior Developer Task – June 2025

This project is a serverless API endpoint built to fulfill a technical challenge. The API receives a string via a webhook, transforms the string into an array of characters, sorts them alphabetically, and returns the result as a JSON response.

## 🧠 Objective

Create a POST API endpoint that:

- Accepts a JSON payload with a data field (string).

- Converts the string into a character array.

- Sorts the array alphabetically.

- Returns the sorted characters as a word array in JSON format.

## 📂 Project Structure

src/
├── index.ts                # Main application entry point
├── logger.ts               # Logger utility
├── middleware/             # Custom middleware (error handler, validation, etc.)
│   ├── errorHandler.ts
│   └── validate.ts

## 🛠️ Technologies Used

- Node.js

- Express.js

- Vercel Serverless Functions (for deployment)

- TypeScript

## 📦 Installation

```sh
https://github.com/mokone-september/string-processor-api
```

## 🚀 Running Locally

```sh
npm start
```

## 📄 License

MIT — free to use, modify, and distribute.

Commit message:

docs: enhance README with additional sections for API endpoints and testing instructions

README.md, after:

# Junior Developer Task – June 2025

This project is a serverless API endpoint built to fulfill a technical challenge. The API receives a string via a webhook, transforms the string into an array of characters, sorts them alphabetically, and returns the result as a JSON response.

## 🧠 Objective

Create a POST API endpoint that:

- Accepts a JSON payload with a data field (string).

- Converts the string into a character array.

- Sorts the array alphabetically.

- Returns the sorted characters as a word array in JSON format.

## 📂 Project Structure

src/
├── index.ts                # Main application entry point
├── logger.ts               # Logger utility
├── middleware/             # Custom middleware (error handler, validation, etc.)
│   ├── errorHandler.ts
│   └── validate.ts

## 🛠️ Technologies Used

- Node.js

- Express.js

- Vercel Serverless Functions (for deployment)

- TypeScript

## 📦 Installation

```sh
https://github.com/mokone-september/string-processor-api
```

## 🚀 Running Locally

```bash
npm start
```

The server will run by default on:
<http://localhost:3000>

## API endpoints

| Method | Endpoint              | Description         |
| ------ | --------------------- | ------------------- |
| GET    | /api/v1/ctm/tasks     | Fetch all tasks     |
| POST   | /api/v1/ctm/tasks     | Create a new task   |

## Running tests

```bash
npm run test
```

This will run backend unit and integration tests using Jest and Supertest.

## Contact

For any inquiries or support, please contact us at <mokoneseptember@gmail.com>.

## 📄 License

MIT — free to use, modify, and distribute.
